# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [4.0.0] - 2024-08-02

### Breaking Changes

- Moved from X11 to wayland
- Moved from qtile wm to niri wm
- Moved from X11 based apps to wayland based apps

### 󰩉 Features

- _(alacritty)_ Archived alacritty configs.
- _(alacritty)_ Changed fonts to Fira.
- _(alacritty)_ Changed fonts to Hack Nerd Fonts
- _(aliases)_ Add aliases for activate and deactiva virtual env.
- _(archived_configs)_ Moved not used configs to archived_configs folder.
- _(archived_configs)_ Renamed retired_configs to archived_configs
- _(bin)_ Created folder bin for all .sh and .py scripts.
- _(dprint)_ Added dprint in the parent directory
- _(dprint)_ New versions for dprint plugins
- _(helix)_ Add fira code nerd fonts
- _(helix)_ Added HELIX_RUNTIME var.
- _(helix)_ Change json formater to dprint
- _(kitty)_ Add configs for kitty
- _(kitty)_ Add new icons for kitty.
- _(kitty)_ Change fonts other than regular to automated method.
- _(kitty)_ Update config and lcon.
- _(mako)_ Add configuration
- _(niri)_ Added niri wm config file
- _(niri)_ Cleaner config for the app.
- _(niri)_ Completely changed and cleaned the niri configuration.
- _(niri)_ Replaced alacritty for kitty.
- _(python libraries update)_ Add pylsp to the list
- _(python scripts)_ Add new sudo previous command script
- _(python)_ Add requirements folder with list of critical python libraries
- _(qtile)_ Path fixing and formating.
- _(qtile)_ Theme nord json format update
- _(requirements)_ Add more important python libraries
- _(scripts)_ Added take_screenshot.sh script
- _(scripts)_ Removing git stash from scripts
- _(scripts_in_python)_ Added exit option for update everything script.
- _(scripts_in_python)_ Updated library list, using uv now
- _(shell)_ Cleaning and stopped X11 start up command.
- _(swappy)_ Add configs for the app
- _(systemd)_ Add configs for niri systemd services
- _(update_everything script)_ Update with the correct python function
- _(waybar)_ Cleaner configs for the app.
- _(waybar)_ Completly reworked the waybar configuration.
- _(wayland)_ Added niri, fuzzel waybar configs.
- _(yazi)_ Add configs for yazi

###  Bug Fixes

- _(aliases)_ Added alias for helix.
- _(bashrc)_ Commented pyenv, replaced path for bash-preexec (atuin).
- _(exports)_ Fixed the helix enviromental runtime variable path
- _(fzf_util)_ Moved from 'helix' to 'hx'
- _(git)_ Editor is set to `helix` now.
- _(git/config)_ Switch back to editor `hx` instead of `helix`.
- _(helix language)_ Simplified python config
- _(helix)_ Replace `hx` with `helix`
- _(python update libraries)_ New commands to shortcuts to update python libraries
- _(ruff)_ Removed lint that was not working
- _(starship)_ Deactivated jobs task as it was broken
- _(starship)_ Updated broken icons.

### 📚 Documentation

- _(README.md)_ Update application list with links
- _(README.md)_ Updated application list and cleaned up the doc.

<!-- generated by git-cliff -->
